{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f40\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f515\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f516\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f518\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f519\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f520\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f521\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f522\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f523\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f855\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f856\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f858\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f859\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f862\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f863\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f885\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f886\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f888\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f889\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f890\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f891\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f892\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f893\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f915\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f916\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f918\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f919\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f922\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f923\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid8605747 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid797744\rsid3737772\rsid5072282\rsid8015094\rsid8605747\rsid10903705\rsid12324341\rsid13388662\rsid13856556\rsid14943674}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0
\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Richard}{\operator Richard}{\creatim\yr2018\mo12\dy26\hr12\min45}{\revtim\yr2018\mo12\dy26\hr12\min45}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages39}{\nofwords14560}{\nofchars82994}{\nofcharsws97360}{\vern93}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://sche
mas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3737772\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
So the empathy Factor has to be there. These are the people every day who are hands on helping individuals who have recently gone through vision loss moved here are looking for employment. These are the kinds of places that make the make a difference when
 it comes to disabilities in the actual field.
\par 
\par In terms of helping people one-on-one versus what we do is more, you know, making sure the technology that they potentially would use would be accessible as these guys actually help people one-on-one now, obviously where you live Seattle but our facilitie
s like this. What do you what do you why is important to come out as a group you think?
\par 
\par We learn together. It's a great question come back to you on that. Yeah, why team building important to come as a unified front because we all really care and it's nice
 to be in it together so we can share the experiences and learn from each other's perspectives. You know what I think and what you think are different it's good time here together so we can bounce off of each other cool. Hey Charlie, I forgot to ask you a
 
question. So your team is responsible for house a lapse. How do you have a ballpark idea of how many apps that involves serving? How many customers or is that like an Amy question? Amy would have a better answer that I could tell you that we actually our 
scope is a little bit more. Yes.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3814002 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772\charrsid3737772 04
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 Everything from user testing to design Consulting to training and users. So I
 just asked as if I could tag along on your tour you guys a little bit so we'll have a million questions for you. That was my thought and you said you're a director of what we call it.
\par 
\par I'm just basically our version of some places called accessibility some places call it assistive technology.
\par 
\par A reception area on this floor. We have our adaptation store. We have earrings Department, which is the access technology department Community Services of get over to the right. I'm going to get through. Yeah. We als
o have a cooking cooking kitchen multi-purpose rooms in a video conference room as well as exam rooms UC Berkeley does come here Mondays and Wednesdays and they do low vision sisters. So instead of them having to go all the way to Berkeley the they can co
me here and be seen here. Yeah. So so energy devices equipment programming here because a lot of times people go to the eye doctor get a diagnosis and then just like go home really sad. Yeah diagnosis and that's it. Yeah.
\par 
\par Yeah, so here they're able to meet
 with one of our staff members and give a little of brief introduction on just devices and programming that we offer so we come over to the right onto the concrete path that you like the feel of that cane or that that magnifier actually works with your vi
sion. So it's one of the few places in the US or someone can actually come and get Hands-On with all that stuff make a purchase and bring it back if they don't like it. So I be open by the time you're done.
\par 
\par Now here's you were to start a yelled at their open.
\par 
\par Come over here, and you can check them out. I got a cabinet. Be careful.
\par 
\par Conduction. Okay, okay.
\par 
\par So this is vibrating I can still hear you. Yeah.
\par 
\par So this isn't actually going in my ear. It sounds being conducted through your jaw bone. That is very cool. And the company is called aftershocks.
\par 
\par amazing tricks titanium f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772\charrsid3737772 05}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 I'm going to rain why is it important to have headphones that don't drink with your Canal but was it for you taking a walk riding a bike path on your kayak? You
 still need to know what's going on around you to keep yourself safe. Gotcha. Yeah, that's a GPS really need to be here.
\par 
\par And this is a relatively new technology.
\par 
\par Like I was supposed to take it as far as just actually a Bluetooth headset, there's music pi
ped into and if you were to go to a website and find this you wouldn't be able to experience it. I mean, this is a meeting about it isn't straight chains telescoping canes. We have folding things and the colors being something that's exactly the colors th
at they put on a great little green blue magenta and orange together.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 O}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 r}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 06}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 So the heart cards made up of x's and o's in Braille.
\par 
\par I'm not sure what you've got playing cards Ralph. Oh, no, it's not a tactile. Rubik's Cube. I actually made one one's for real la
beler. But I this just has a different shape for each color. It makes more sense than trying to spell out the colors signs for here. We have a guide dog stuff.
\par 
\par It's just contrast but it's so much easier to see onions and garlic on this side. Wow, really? Really simple adaptations of oh, yeah clip to the front of your oven rack. So when you're reaching in to get a pan out, oh wow.
\par 
\par That's good.
\par 
\par Not any different we just have it to let people know how much stuff it'll do and don't buy their guns way down in price as we bought this new controls. You have to memorize where they are. There's no other way to do it.
\par 
\par To this. So yes yet have a lighthouse but not as much.
\par 
\par Very very very different now. Yeah. No. I know every time I go back to the buildings are so totally like there's very little in here that I wouldn't find useful and you're not visually impaired driving glasses. What's your favorite thing?
\par 
\par Just too much pizza. Yeah, I'm just like and then we also have a demo room where we had some of the like higher Tech stuff that people need to make decisions about so like yeah, which kind of tablet which kind of fun. Do I want? Ya Braille displays th
is the Braille display is basically just an in-out terminal for the screen reader. So if you're coding for, you know, thinking about Jaws and nvda and voiceover, like someone could be augmenting that with the Braille display, but it's basically just you k
now, pushing the output from the screen reader and then handing to like in real life, so I'll be able to access that laboratory. Yeah, we can pop in there.
\par 
\par We were discussing yesterday. We can't get sort of things from drawers and kind of pressure because 
like the Braille display is there like, you know live text being visible on the screen for excited to stirs Community obviously signature first sighted person would put it over the piece of paper and it's a feeling here and they know to write your signatu
re in here.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 07}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 Can you describe your clients here? They mainly adults.
\par 
\par kind of program
\par 
\par In terms of job Readiness and if pre employment skills, and then we also have a camp up in Napa to serve more of the younger kids in the summer and can anybody in the commu
nity come in here do they need to be refer to your or anyone can come in here and a lot of people do self-refer either a family member found us on the internet. We get referrals from ophthalmologist. Social workers all different directions. And then we ki
n
d of have different funding streams different grants that we serve, you know people so they would come in to do an intake where we talk through what we offer because we offer a lot and what their needs are and then match them to different programs. I take
 it your website has all the numbers like how many clients or average annual report at there that I'm not good at keeping it all in my head. I know that in my
\par 
\par Tech department we train about 300 people a year on either screen readers magnification or both m
obile devices computers Braille displays Etc. So my my little departments, he's about 300 people a year, but I know that Lighthouse reaches more. Yeah, what was this room? This is demo room so you can see there's like cctvs and different magnifiers and th
i
ngs around on the counters. There's little things like Kindles and iPads and stuff locked up in cabinets so they don't run away and then we'll take them out and do because a lot of times when people come in for Tech, sometimes we train them on whatever de
v
ice they have and have already purchased, you know with whatever device you can afford and you already have is the right device for you. Right? But sometimes people haven't already made up her dressing decision. So we need to help them navigate like okay,
 you know, you could get this budget Android phone from the
\par 
\par You know the lifeline program or something and but here's the accessibility issues you might run into with that or you know, you're low vision. So you want the biggest screen possible for the leas
t amount of money or just like helping them navigate those decision making because you know, our blind consumers are consumers just like anybody else. They've seen the commercials you see the advertisements for products. But like what does it really do? S
o
 like Alexa and Google home are set up in yellow she is going to ask. How do you feel? Are you a smart speaker user yourself or? Oh totally. Yeah. I bought I bought the microwave as soon as it came out Alexa Alexa. Okay for the moment. Yes. Hi. I use the 
Google home and for me with my cognitive disability. It's about like I have issues with time. So like setting timers like in 10 minutes remind me of this and name it this it's right. That's really cool.
\par 
\par Can you do what can I set a reminder for you? Not fro
m Madonna. But yeah, I don't have Mike's particular here. So yeah, I was curious and I know I know a lot of people who have met through my accessibility meetups. A lot of people it's in so on so everybody uses the right in Seattle. We always use the yeah 
s
ure. So I did a workshop for a bunch of our seniors where we compare the two. We mean I had them like testing out different functions tell us tell us which ones better and I'm like nah, the cute little figure out. What do you want to do with it coming her
e in like say so, how's Rai working with your clients sometimes so we do a lot of fuck corporate.
\par 
\par Consulting and design work and user testing and it's usually specific to a particular product most companies kind of have their own feedback channels and aren
't necessarily coming and seeking out just general feedback. We would like them to success. Yeah. Yeah that like that would be great. But often like will hear from companies when they have a very specific deliverable, you know, we're doing a study at for 
p
eople who own their own small businesses and use screen readers and do function X. Can you find me 10 of those and I can and I do for a small fee but you like having just those General conversations probably the best example of that we did this event with
 Uber where they brought in like 20 Engineers. We brought in 20 users. And first, we just had like a discussion forum and they got all this feedback and then we did this I call it accessibility.
\par 
\par dating because we rotated the engineers and the different users around the room and just had them like observe people using the app, you know with Android with iOS with voice over with magnification and did this like, you know, two or three hour sort of

\par 
\par You know intense product dive that wasn't like a structured us
er testing thing. So that was you know, every I think every company kind of has their angle of like how they want things to go. So I my job is like a constant game of improv of my yes, and I will do the same thing but looks different than everyone else's 
v
ersion of the thing. Well sometimes companies forget the most important people in accessibility testing are people who use assistive technology and that's why we're really focused on Consulting at the design stage because my team I have by people working 
f
or me and the bulk of what they do is train end users. So when they give feedback on a designer product, like they're not just thinking from their own perspective there, you know, the thinking is someone who spends their days working with 20 year olds and
 80 year olds and everybody in between. So I love that. I love having those meetings and then also the user testing where we are just facilitating that connection of product folks and
\par 
\par And end-users we don't really do we do some like functional reviews wher
e we'll sit down with the developer and walk through it with the 80. I do a screen reader experience training for developers, which is like, okay if you're going to test with screen readers because I know you all do like this is how you know, a blind pers
o
n is actually using the screen reader and sort of how some of those features are leveraged. We don't do just the straight-up compliance testing because there's sulfur plenty of firms to do that. That's not really the unique thing that that we can offer. H
ow much does something like that cost something like what your walkthrough with developers. It's a depends on the size of the group somewhere, you know somewhere in the
\par 
\par One to two thousand dollar range depending on if it's like half day hold a big group little bit of cetera.
\par 
\par And just to go back to this part speakers real quick like in your experience with those types of events where you have, you know, you're exposing th
at you do you notice a trend which one most people go for it seems like most people go for Alexa. I don't know why I kind of keep saying her name I think for me it was because right when I moved into my place I lived in a house where my roommate actually 
forbid smart speakers like nope. So when I moved into my own apartment like it was right when the microwave was coming out and I was like, I was like like just the connectivity that I needed in terms of peripherals seemed more.
\par 
\par My experience with the Lex's
 that it's understands. It's probably one of the better listening, you know devices. Yeah, you don't have to repeat yourself quite as often. Yeah. I feel like I have to yell at Google to get ya attention. I have a cat named her name is like chicken noodle
 
soup, and I recall her noodles. So when I say hi to her in the morning knowing stuff every time I Google shut off every time my partner actually is very like tinfoil hat with as he should be but so he like I have to I can only have it on his own home beca
use he's a yeah, yeah - you know, they're collecting your data but convenience and exist. So your microwave interfaces with Alexa. Yeah. They Amazon actually just came out with an Amazon.
\par 
\par To microwave and so it has a button that you can hit this button and
 activate a like so or you can just speak to your you know, you have to have a separate Alexa it that listening the microphones are not built into the microwave but it interfaces with it. So you can tell it like defrost, you know, 16 ounces of pork and th
e
n it'll say like setting the my grades like it has all these recipes in it. Oh, so it's funny though because also I was like heat up a cup of tea and it didn't get that and then I was like heat up a cup of water and then it so like, you know, like everyth
i
ng else with this smart speakers like they're advertised like you can just talk to them but really it's scripted bro. One of the thing I'll tell you about this room and all of our conference rooms. Actually, you'll notice the microphones that are everywhe
r
e and that's basically for phone conferencing people in and then there's a box somewhere on the table like a box with a bunch of knobs that yeah. So that is our accessible AV interface. So from that box, you cannot visually like adjust all the volumes whi
ch is
\par 
\par Laptop or Apple TV or different inputs and outputs that can actually dial someone in it talks. So this was something that we had custom builds were all our conference rooms both the hardware and the software because we like that's one of the most ann
oying things you got to do presentations as a blind person in your lunch is my laptop connected like can you see my screen? Oh, yeah. So this kind of takes a lot out of that and also lets us we use zoom so we can do remote trainings or if one of us has to
 
work from home like if these microphones are on and you're having a meeting, it's like you're right there in the room. So resume your guys is preferred in general or just because of the corporate. We just switched. We had a blue jeans contract in it. Got 
a lot worse while we were using it. So soon as it ended switch your resume because they have a lot of accessibility implementation then that's good. That's good. That's what we use to. Oh good that in Skype Skype. Yes.
\par 
\par Skype is kind of varies between versi
ons. So I'll take you down to the area where we do the tech training and hopefully as you will join us because I feel like I've just hijacked her to or here. She was helping someone. So yeah, I know that's why I did it. I was like
\par 
\par How long do you all have I want to make sure?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 08}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par Your office
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 09}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
The dizziness an activity that was going on around you. The attempt was to sort of do some of that with audio. So that's kind of the thought with the big staircase that connects. All three floors are being separated out. That was the d
esign thought behind putting these little tech training spaces without doors. So they have kind of some acoustic dampering when you come in here you can tell like, you know, it's almost like you're going into like a recording studio or something where the
 sound just changes a little bit a little quieter in terms of sound going in or out but it's not like a little closed door off in your own little bubble.
\par 
\par Sort of space. Well, obviously got the zoomtext keyboards. I guess you got a Windows machine with zoom
text and jaws and nvda and then you've got an apple over there a lot more and more of our especially our older adults and people who aren't on an immediate employment track are coming to learn mobile devices. So a lot of times a lot of our students will b
r
ing their own devices for training which is ideal because if you're learning on your own device, you can take it home and practice but not always, you know, sometimes people are just learning to type just learning the software they don't have their own sy
stem yet. So they will use the ones in here so
\par 
\par We have five instructors who work with people. We actually do training six days a week. We have someone who comes in on Saturdays to try to catch people who might be working need some additional. What's your g
eneral like a badge for people who are coming in from mobile. He said it's typically people who are a little bit older or yeah. I mean we serve everyone 18 in my department in around 18 to I think there was somebody in their 90's learning to take a selfie
 
for weeks ago just about the cutest thing ever, but by and large people who are getting that initial like across the digital divide tech training are probably anywhere from 30 S2 90s when we see younger, you know, eighteen to thirty year old folks. It's p
robably more like those Advanced screen reader in magnification skills to be able to keep up in college or in a job. So it's surprising to us. How many kids come out of high school not having a
\par 
\par And to touch type they maybe they just used an iPad all throug
h school or they I don't know what they did. But some of those just core skills, you know, and and we get some pushback on that from young people like well, I just do everything with my phone like okay. I don't know any office that you go into where they'
r
e only iPhones and all the desks. Like you've got to have computer skills to kind of move forward and that's it's been interesting to sort of see that wow layout. I think a lot of times there's not a great ratio of like specialized teachers for blind kids
 in school. And so they can come out of K-12 Education Without those fundamental skills. So do you ever work with it so far? I'm sorry drop do you ever work with employers like someone comes here and say I got a job?
\par 
\par No, I'm having some Vision issues. Yeah
. Yeah, we do make it less quote-unquote scary for the employer. Right? I mean a lot of our focus is on, you know, just getting that employee sort of set up and our employment folks could probably speak more to that if they do sort of General employer edu
c
ation. We've definitely gone and done things where we've like gone to someone's work site walked through their workflow figured out, you know, what's screen reader skills, they could leverage and and sometimes had to go back to the employer and say like, 
o
kay this document that they're asking them to use, you know is not accessible like because so often the employer will come to us like you need to just teach them so they can just do their job and like, you know, the employers not really owning up to like 
hmm. We have this huge non-uniform table with no column headers and row headers, like maybe it's not going to be super efficient for that person entering information like the PDF files without accent, right?
\par 
\par Someone's recently found themselves blind low vi
sion and your job is incredibly inaccessible. We don't have legal services, but there's actually a disability rights lawyer Tre legal who rents space in our building. So we have a good person to refer people to if it you know, if it comes to that yeah, th
at's good. That's that was kind of the last step course, you know, my first response to anybody is not usually like we're up. It's like, hey, let's talk but that is the weight behind the hey, let's talk, you know, by the way, yeah.
\par 
\par It comes up sometimes pe
ople are afraid to tell their employers like they're having performance issues, but they're afraid to disclose I was talking to someone last week and I was like, it's like well, I'm afraid it could affect my job and I'm like, okay, I'm not going to tell y
o
u it never would but if it did like you would have legal recourse recourse, you know you and if you're having performance issues, you might want to just close and he has a believe me they know, you know, because he's walking around without a cane without 
a
 screen reader, you know, running into stuff and holding papers up to his face. So he had the we had the tough love talk in the cognitive disabilities face every article you read is dumped as close as well. Yeah, you can't find an article online written b
y a professional who says dude is closed. So it's kind of interesting the differentiation between that right. So yeah. So yeah, we have three little rooms like this and kind of different configurations.
\par 
\par Asians where the tech training happens and like I sai
d, we do some workshops but a lot of it is one on one just because everyone comes in at a different skill level and has different interests how many employees around the hundred and forty now, but we have satellite offices in the North Coast in
\par 
\par Berkeley i
n Marin and San Leandro so not everybody who works for Lighthouse works right here you guys I saw that you guys have plenty of employees. Do you guys have volunteer events volunteer staff? Yeah. We have a full time volunteer coordinator and there's volunt
eers who work with blind people one-on-one things like shopping and read email those sorts of things. We have Community groups because that oh, that's something I didn't mention is that we have a whole Community Services Department that does things like

\par 
\par You know, they just did like a community ice skating event, or I'm totally blanking right now, but they do that the youth programming. Oh health and fitness. We have a full-time health and fitness coordinator. So there's yoga classes. There's like hey, th
is is how you just go out to the gym in your community and you know do Fitness activities. All right, because as you come back and join us}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 10}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 So first of all, your name is Aaron Villanueva. Yes and your position at Wells Fargo is excessively user experience wri
ter writer. Okay, and just a little background on yourself what got I know you've said this in your profile, but I just get it again in your own words. What got you interested in accessibility. Well one, I guess one of the biggest fears I had it was a tie
 
to might one day be disabled and that's something that I've always wondered about and how could I better to Future especially when one day I'm gonna have the ability to continue on coding run? So for me, I'm always constantly thinking about all right. So 
w
hat can I do? What can I do now to actually help people with disabilities and hopefully someday you can help myself in the future if I ever become disabled, so I'm very curious to know more about it and continue to learn more about it. Just because you kn
ow,
\par 
\par An incident happened to me one day. I was feeling great and in the next days, you know, I just went to the hospital and I was diagnosed with pancreatitis, especially when right now, I'm still constantly learning a little bit of martial arts. You know w
hen something happens to my bones then what hmm. So yeah. I mean, I'm very curious to know more. I've got more curious about ever since thought of the fear of you know, getting my arms broken or getting my fingers broken are getting anything broken having
 a permanently damaged.
\par 
\par So you're relatively new to the field. What does it mean to you to be visiting?
\par 
\par an organization that deals with people with disabilities, I imagine if we were
\par 
\par I don't know. We were working at a place that sold online and Online Marketplace. Okay, there wouldn't be an equivalent. Maybe you could go to Old Warehouse that had all the goods in it or or see the delivery system.
\par 
\par But I what's what's the significance to you of visiting a place that deals with people with disabilities? Wha
t do you hope to learn in the visit you guys as a question going? Well, okay. So we're it's I guess let me try first another way. So accessibility is something that touches people in a very personal way I guess because
\par 
\par it's not like, you know, you're going to Amazon and you're ordering. I don't know what a new headset or something. You're right, you know, you could if you'd worked at Amazon and you were
\par 
\par As to do Mark some sort of field research, you might end up going to one of the suppliers, I guess or o
r one of the warehouses that Amazon uses to distribute its goods but here we're going to a place that it treats human beings with disabilities are I was just wondering what do you think? Why do you think it's important to to do that kind of Outreach resea
rch, see how people disabilities are being cared for treated services that better way of phrasing it.
\par 
\par Hey, I'm gonna think about that. So you're we're going to the place which is how I'm assuming the lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah, so we're going to the lighthouse
 and I'm new to this right in there. So I'm Norfolk I'm going to be exposed to something that I'm telling them which is going to a place that really is all about accessibility, right? Uh-huh helping other people and your question is how is that?
\par 
\par How does 
it how do you feel about how do I feel about yeah, yeah, you know, I'm a very curious. I really want to know more. Okay, I wanna know more about the technology and everything that they're using and seeing how it helps. I mean, I don't know exactly like wh
a
t specific disabilities are reaching out to but let's say if they were reaching out to every single specific disability. So folks with me or more disabilities cognitive disabilities folks who are blind who are are not side of users our folks who are color
blind folks who are deaf, you know, like if they're reaching out to as many as I can. I'm very curious to know how this one place like that happened you guys.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 11}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 So first of all, your name is Aaron Villanueva. Yes and your position at Wells Fargo is excessively
 user experience writer writer. Okay, and just a little background on yourself what got I know you've said this in your profile, but I just get it again in your own words. What got you interested in accessibility. Well one, I guess one of the biggest fear
s
 I had it was a tie to might one day be disabled and that's something that I've always wondered about and how could I better to Future especially when one day I'm gonna have the ability to continue on coding run? So for me, I'm always constantly thinking 
a
bout all right. So what can I do? What can I do now to actually help people with disabilities and hopefully someday you can help myself in the future if I ever become disabled, so I'm very curious to know more about it and continue to learn more about it.
 Just because you know,
\par 
\par An incident happened to me one day. I was feeling great and in the next days, you know, I just went to the hospital and I was diagnosed with pancreatitis, especially when right now, I'm still constantly learning a little bit of mart
ial arts. You know when something happens to my bones then what hmm. So yeah. I mean, I'm very curious to know more. I've got more curious about ever since thought of the fear of you know, getting my arms broken or getting my fingers broken are getting an
ything broken having a permanently damaged.
\par 
\par So you're relatively new to the field. What does it mean to you to be visiting?
\par 
\par an organization that deals with people with disabilities, I imagine if we were
\par 
\par I don't know. We were working at a place that sold online and Online Marketplace. Okay, there wouldn't be an equivalent. Maybe you could go to Old Warehouse that had all the goods in it or or see the delivery system.
\par 
\par But I what's what's the significance to you of visiting a place that deals with people with disabilities? What do you hope to learn in the visit you guys as a question going? Well, okay. So we're it's I guess let me try first another way. So accessibility
 is something that touches people in a very personal way I guess because
\par 
\par it's not like, you know, you're going to Amazon and you're ordering. I don't know what a new headset or something. You're right, you know, you could if you'd worked at Amazon and you were
\par 
\par As to do Mark some sort of field research, you might end up going to one of the suppliers, I guess or or one of the warehouses that Amazon uses to distribute its goods but here we're going to a place that it treats human beings with disabilities are 
I was just wondering what do you think? Why do you think it's important to to do that kind of Outreach research, see how people disabilities are being cared for treated services that better way of phrasing it.
\par 
\par Hey, I'm gonna think about that. So you're we
're going to the place which is how I'm assuming the lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah, so we're going to the lighthouse and I'm new to this right in there. So I'm Norfolk I'm going to be exposed to something that I'm telling them which is going to a place that real
ly is all about accessibility, right? Uh-huh helping other people and your question is how is that?
\par 
\par How does it how do you feel about how do I feel about yeah, yeah, you know, I'm a very curious. I really want to know more. Okay, I wanna know more about th
e technology and everything that they're using and seeing how it helps. I mean, I don't know exactly like what specific disabilities are reaching out to but let's say if they were reaching out to every single specific disability. So folks with me or more 
d
isabilities cognitive disabilities folks who are blind who are are not side of users our folks who are colorblind folks who are deaf, you know, like if they're reaching out to as many as I can. I'm very curious to know how this one place like that happene
d you guys.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 12}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
So first of all, your name is Aaron Villanueva. Yes and your position at Wells Fargo is excessively user experience writer writer. Okay, and just a little background on yourself what got I know you've said this in your profile, but I just get it 
again in your own words. What got you interested in accessibility. Well one, I guess one of the biggest fears I had it was a tie to might one day be disabled and that's something that I've always wondered about and how could I better to Future especially 
w
hen one day I'm gonna have the ability to continue on coding run? So for me, I'm always constantly thinking about all right. So what can I do? What can I do now to actually help people with disabilities and hopefully someday you can help myself in the fut
ure if I ever become disabled, so I'm very curious to know more about it and continue to learn more about it. Just because you know,
\par 
\par An incident happened to me one day. I was feeling great and in the next days, you know, I just went to the hospital and I w
as diagnosed with pancreatitis, especially when right now, I'm still constantly learning a little bit of martial arts. You know when something happens to my bones then what hmm. So yeah. I mean, I'm very curious to know more. I've got more curious about e
ver since thought of the fear of you know, getting my arms broken or getting my fingers broken are getting anything broken having a permanently damaged.
\par 
\par So you're relatively new to the field. What does it mean to you to be visiting?
\par 
\par an organization that deals with people with disabilities, I imagine if we were
\par 
\par I don't know. We were working at a place that sold online and Online Marketplace. Okay, there wouldn't be an equivalent. Maybe you could go to Old Warehouse that had all the goods in it or or see the delivery system.
\par 
\par But I what's what's the significance to you of visiting a place that deals with people with disabilities? What do you hope to learn in the visit you guys as a question going? Well, okay. So we're it's I guess let me try first another wa
y. So accessibility is something that touches people in a very personal way I guess because
\par 
\par it's not like, you know, you're going to Amazon and you're ordering. I don't know what a new headset or something. You're right, you know, you could if you'd worked at Amazon and you were
\par 
\par As to do Mark some sort of field research, you might end up going to one of the suppliers, I guess or or one of the warehouses that Amazon uses to distribute its goods but here we're going to a place that it treats human beings wi
th disabilities are I was just wondering what do you think? Why do you think it's important to to do that kind of Outreach research, see how people disabilities are being cared for treated services that better way of phrasing it.
\par 
\par Hey, I'm gonna think abou
t that. So you're we're going to the place which is how I'm assuming the lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah, so we're going to the lighthouse and I'm new to this right in there. So I'm Norfolk I'm going to be exposed to something that I'm telling them which is going 
to a place that really is all about accessibility, right? Uh-huh helping other people and your question is how is that?
\par 
\par How does it how do you feel about how do I feel about yeah, yeah, you know, I'm a very curious. I really want to know more. Okay, I wann
a know more about the technology and everything that they're using and seeing how it helps. I mean, I don't know exactly like what specific disabilities are reaching out to but let's say if they were reaching out to every single specific disability. So fo
l
ks with me or more disabilities cognitive disabilities folks who are blind who are are not side of users our folks who are colorblind folks who are deaf, you know, like if they're reaching out to as many as I can. I'm very curious to know how this one pla
ce like that happened you guys.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 13}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
So first of all, your name is Aaron Villanueva. Yes and your position at Wells Fargo is excessively user experience writer writer. Okay, and just a little background on yourself what got I know you've said this in your profile
, but I just get it again in your own words. What got you interested in accessibility. Well one, I guess one of the biggest fears I had it was a tie to might one day be disabled and that's something that I've always wondered about and how could I better t
o
 Future especially when one day I'm gonna have the ability to continue on coding run? So for me, I'm always constantly thinking about all right. So what can I do? What can I do now to actually help people with disabilities and hopefully someday you can he
lp myself in the future if I ever become disabled, so I'm very curious to know more about it and continue to learn more about it. Just because you know,
\par 
\par An incident happened to me one day. I was feeling great and in the next days, you know, I just went to 
the hospital and I was diagnosed with pancreatitis, especially when right now, I'm still constantly learning a little bit of martial arts. You know when something happens to my bones then what hmm. So yeah. I mean, I'm very curious to know more. I've got 
more curious about ever since thought of the fear of you know, getting my arms broken or getting my fingers broken are getting anything broken having a permanently damaged.
\par 
\par So you're relatively new to the field. What does it mean to you to be visiting?
\par 
\par an organization that deals with people with disabilities, I imagine if we were
\par 
\par I don't know. We were working at a place that sold online and Online Marketplace. Okay, there wouldn't be an equivalent. Maybe you could go to Old Warehouse that had all the goods in it or or see the delivery system.
\par 
\par But I what's what's the significance to you of visiting a place that deals with people with disabilities? What do you hope to learn i
n the visit you guys as a question going? Well, okay. So we're it's I guess let me try first another way. So accessibility is something that touches people in a very personal way I guess because
\par 
\par it's not like, you know, you're going to Amazon and you're ordering. I don't know what a new headset or something. You're right, you know, you could if you'd worked at Amazon and you were
\par 
\par As to do Mark some sort of field research, you might end up going to one of the suppliers, I guess or or one of the warehouses 
that Amazon uses to distribute its goods but here we're going to a place that it treats human beings with disabilities are I was just wondering what do you think? Why do you think it's important to to do that kind of Outreach research, see how people disa
bilities are being cared for treated services that better way of phrasing it.
\par 
\par Hey, I'm gonna think about that. So you're we're going to the place which is how I'm assuming the lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah, so we're going to the lighthouse and I'm new to this right in there. 
So I'm Norfolk I'm going to be exposed to something that I'm telling them which is going to a place that really is all about accessibility, right? Uh-huh helping other people and your question is how is that?
\par 
\par How does it how do you feel about
 how do I feel about yeah, yeah, you know, I'm a very curious. I really want to know more. Okay, I wanna know more about the technology and everything that they're using and seeing how it helps. I mean, I don't know exactly like what specific disabilities
 
are reaching out to but let's say if they were reaching out to every single specific disability. So folks with me or more disabilities cognitive disabilities folks who are blind who are are not side of users our folks who are colorblind folks who are deaf
, you know, like if they're reaching out to as many as I can. I'm very curious to know how this one place like that happened you guys.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772 14}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 So first of all, your name is Aaron Villanueva. Yes and your position at Wells Fargo is excessively user experience writer 
writer. Okay, and just a little background on yourself what got I know you've said this in your profile, but I just get it again in your own words. What got you interested in accessibility. Well one, I guess one of the biggest fears I had it was a tie to 
m
ight one day be disabled and that's something that I've always wondered about and how could I better to Future especially when one day I'm gonna have the ability to continue on coding run? So for me, I'm always constantly thinking about all right. So what
 can I do? What can I do now to actually help people with disabilities and hopefully someday you can help myself in the future if I ever become disabled, so I'm very curious to know more about it and continue to learn more about it. Just because you know,

\par 
\par An incident happened to me one day. I was feeling great and in the next days, you know, I just went to the hospital and I was diagnosed with pancreatitis, especially when right now, I'm still constantly learning a little bit of martial arts. You know when
 
something happens to my bones then what hmm. So yeah. I mean, I'm very curious to know more. I've got more curious about ever since thought of the fear of you know, getting my arms broken or getting my fingers broken are getting anything broken having a p
ermanently damaged.
\par 
\par So you're relatively new to the field. What does it mean to you to be visiting?
\par 
\par an organization that deals with people with disabilities, I imagine if we were
\par 
\par I don't know. We were working at a place that sold online and Online Marketplace. Okay, there wouldn't be an equivalent. Maybe you could go to Old Warehouse that had all the goods in it or or see the delivery system.
\par 
\par But I what's what's the significance to you of visiting a place that deals with people with disabilities? What do
 you hope to learn in the visit you guys as a question going? Well, okay. So we're it's I guess let me try first another way. So accessibility is something that touches people in a very personal way I guess because
\par 
\par it's not like, you know, you're going to Amazon and you're ordering. I don't know what a new headset or something. You're right, you know, you could if you'd worked at Amazon and you were
\par 
\par As to do Mark some sort of field research, you might end up going to one of the suppliers, I guess or or one of the warehouses that Amazon uses to distribute its goods but here we're going to a place that it treats human beings with disabilities are I was
 just wondering what do you think? Why do you think it's important to to do that kind of Outreach research, see how people disabilities are being cared for treated services that better way of phrasing it.
\par 
\par Hey, I'm gonna think about that. So you're we're go
ing to the place which is how I'm assuming the lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah, so we're going to the lighthouse and I'm new to this right in there. So I'm Norfolk I'm going to be exposed to something that I'm telling them which is going to a place that really is 
all about accessibility, right? Uh-huh helping other people and your question is how is that?
\par 
\par How does it how do you feel about how do I feel about yeah, yeah, you know, I'm a very curious. I really want to know more. Okay, I wanna know more about the tech
nology and everything that they're using and seeing how it helps. I mean, I don't know exactly like what specific disabilities are reaching out to but let's say if they were reaching out to every single specific disability. So folks with me or more disabi
l
ities cognitive disabilities folks who are blind who are are not side of users our folks who are colorblind folks who are deaf, you know, like if they're reaching out to as many as I can. I'm very curious to know how this one place like that happened you 
guys.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3737772 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid10903705 15}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid3737772\charrsid10903705 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10903705 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10903705 So the heart cards made up of x's and o's in Braille.
\par 
\par I'm not sure what you've got playing cards Ralph. Oh, no, it's not a tactile. Rubik's Cube. I actually made one one's for real labeler. But I this just has a different shape for each color. It make
s more sense than trying to spell out the colors signs for here. We have a guide dog stuff.
\par 
\par It's just contrast but it's so much easier to see onions and garlic on this side. Wow, really? Really simple adaptations of oh, yeah clip to the front of your oven rack. So when you're reaching in to get a pan out, oh wow.
\par 
\par Not any different we just have it to let people know how much stuff it'll do and don't buy their guns way down in price as we bought this new controls. You have to memorize where they are. There's no other way to do it.
\par 
\par To this. So yes yet have a lighthouse but not as much.
\par 
\par Very very very different now. Yeah. No. I know every time I go back to the buildings are so totally like there's very little in here that I wouldn't find useful and you're not visually impaired driving glasses. What's your favorite thing?
\par 
\par Just too much pizza. Yeah, I'm just like and then we also have a demo room where we had some of the like higher Tech stuff that people need to make decisions about so like yeah, which kind o
f tablet which kind of fun. Do I want? Ya Braille displays this the Braille display is basically just an in-out terminal for the screen reader. So if you're coding for, you know, thinking about Jaws and nvda and voiceover, like someone could be augmenting
 that with the Braille display, but it's basically just you know, pushing the output from the screen reader and then handing to like in real life, so I'll be able to access that laboratory. Yeah, we can pop in there.
\par 
\par We were discussing yesterday. We can't 
get sort of things from drawers and kind of pressure because like the Braille display is there like, you know live text being visible on the screen for excited to stirs Community obviously signature first sighted person would put it over the piece of pape
r and it's a feeling here and they know to write your signature in here.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10903705 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid10903705 16}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\insrsid13388662 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10903705 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10903705 So the heart cards made up of x's and o's in Braille.
\par 
\par I'm not sure what you've got playing cards Ralph. Oh, no, it's not a tactile. Rubik's Cube. I actually made one one's for real lab
eler. But I this just has a different shape for each color. It makes more sense than trying to spell out the colors signs for here. We have a guide dog stuff.
\par 
\par It's just contrast but it's so much easier to see onions and garlic on this side. Wow, really? Really simple adaptations of oh, yeah clip to the front of your oven rack. So when you're reaching in to get a pan out, oh wow.
\par 
\par That's good.
\par 
\par Not any different we just have it to let people know how much stuff it'll do and don't buy their guns way down in price as we bought this new controls. You have to memorize where they are. There's no other way to do it.
\par 
\par To this. So yes yet have a lighthouse but not as much.
\par 
\par Very very very different now. Yeah. No. I know every time I go back to the buildings are so totally like there's very little in here that I wouldn't find useful and you're not visually impaired driving glasses. What's your favorite thing?
\par 
\par Just too much pi
zza. Yeah, I'm just like and then we also have a demo room where we had some of the like higher Tech stuff that people need to make decisions about so like yeah, which kind of tablet which kind of fun. Do I want? Ya Braille displays this the Braille displ
a
y is basically just an in-out terminal for the screen reader. So if you're coding for, you know, thinking about Jaws and nvda and voiceover, like someone could be augmenting that with the Braille display, but it's basically just you know, pushing the outp
ut from the screen reader and then handing to like in real life, so I'll be able to access that laboratory. Yeah, we can pop in there.
\par 
\par We were discussing yesterday. We can't get sort of things from drawers and kind of pressure because like the Braille disp
lay is there like, you know live text being visible on the screen for excited to stirs Community obviously signature first sighted person would put it over the piece of paper and it's a feeling here and they know to write your signature in here.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10903705\charrsid10903705 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid10903705 17}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\insrsid13388662 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13856556 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13856556 Can you describe your clients here? They mainly adults.
\par 
\par kind of program
\par 
\par In terms of job Readiness and if pre employment skills, and then we also have a camp up in Napa to serve more of the younger kids in the summer and can anybody in the community come in here do 
they need to be refer to your or anyone can come in here and a lot of people do self-refer either a family member found us on the internet. We get referrals from ophthalmologist. Social workers all different directions. And then we kind of have different 
f
unding streams different grants that we serve, you know people so they would come in to do an intake where we talk through what we offer because we offer a lot and what their needs are and then match them to different programs. I take it your website has 
all the numbers like how many clients or average annual report at there that I'm not good at keeping it all in my head. I know that in my
\par 
\par Tech department we train about 300 people a year on either screen readers magnification or both mobile devices compute
rs Braille displays Etc. So my my little departments, he's about 300 people a year, but I know that Lighthouse reaches more. Yeah, what was this room? This is demo room so you can see there's like cctvs and different magnifiers and things around on the co
u
nters. There's little things like Kindles and iPads and stuff locked up in cabinets so they don't run away and then we'll take them out and do because a lot of times when people come in for Tech, sometimes we train them on whatever device they have and ha
v
e already purchased, you know with whatever device you can afford and you already have is the right device for you. Right? But sometimes people haven't already made up her dressing decision. So we need to help them navigate like okay, you know, you could 
get this budget Android phone from the
\par 
\par You know the lifeline program or something and but here's the accessibility issues you might run into with that or you know, you're low vision. So you want the biggest screen possible for the least amount of money or 
just like helping them navigate those decision making because you know, our blind consumers are consumers just like anybody else. They've seen the commercials you see the advertisements for products. But like what does it really do? So like Alexa and Goog
l
e home are set up in yellow she is going to ask. How do you feel? Are you a smart speaker user yourself or? Oh totally. Yeah. I bought I bought the microwave as soon as it came out Alexa Alexa. Okay for the moment. Yes. Hi. I use the Google home and for m
e with my cognitive disability. It's about like I have issues with time. So like setting timers like in 10 minutes remind me of this and name it this it's right. That's really cool.
\par 
\par Can you do what can I set a reminder for you? Not from Madonna. But yeah, 
I don't have Mike's particular here. So yeah, I was curious and I know I know a lot of people who have met through my accessibility meetups. A lot of people it's in so on so everybody uses the right in Seattle. We always use the yeah sure. So I did a work
s
hop for a bunch of our seniors where we compare the two. We mean I had them like testing out different functions tell us tell us which ones better and I'm like nah, the cute little figure out. What do you want to do with it coming here in like say so, how
's Rai working with your clients sometimes so we do a lot of fuck corporate.
\par 
\par Consulting and design work and user testing and it's usually specific to a particular product most companies kind of have their own feedback channels and aren't necessarily coming
 and seeking out just general feedback. We would like them to success. Yeah. Yeah that like that would be great. But often like will hear from companies when they have a very specific deliverable, you know, we're doing a study at for people who own their 
o
wn small businesses and use screen readers and do function X. Can you find me 10 of those and I can and I do for a small fee but you like having just those General conversations probably the best example of that we did this event with Uber where they brou
ght in like 20 Engineers. We brought in 20 users. And first, we just had like a discussion forum and they got all this feedback and then we did this I call it accessibility.
\par 
\par dating because we rotated the engineers and the different users around the room and just had them like observe people using the app, you know with Android with iOS with voice over with magnification and did this like, you know, two or three hour sort of

\par 
\par You know intense product dive that wasn't like a structured user testing thing. So 
that was you know, every I think every company kind of has their angle of like how they want things to go. So I my job is like a constant game of improv of my yes, and I will do the same thing but looks different than everyone else's version of the thing.
 
Well sometimes companies forget the most important people in accessibility testing are people who use assistive technology and that's why we're really focused on Consulting at the design stage because my team I have by people working for me and the bulk o
f
 what they do is train end users. So when they give feedback on a designer product, like they're not just thinking from their own perspective there, you know, the thinking is someone who spends their days working with 20 year olds and 80 year olds and eve
rybody in between. So I love that. I love having those meetings and then also the user testing where we are just facilitating that connection of product folks and
\par 
\par And end-users we don't really do we do some like functional reviews where we'll sit down with
 the developer and walk through it with the 80. I do a screen reader experience training for developers, which is like, okay if you're going to test with screen readers because I know you all do like this is how you know, a blind person is actually using 
t
he screen reader and sort of how some of those features are leveraged. We don't do just the straight-up compliance testing because there's sulfur plenty of firms to do that. That's not really the unique thing that that we can offer. How much does somethin
g like that cost something like what your walkthrough with developers. It's a depends on the size of the group somewhere, you know somewhere in the
\par 
\par One to two thousand dollar range depending on if it's like half day hold a big group little bit of cetera.
\par 
\par And just to go back to this part speakers real quick like in your experience with those types of events where you have, you know, you're exposing that you do you notice a trend which one most people go for it seems like most people go for Alexa. I don't k
n
ow why I kind of keep saying her name I think for me it was because right when I moved into my place I lived in a house where my roommate actually forbid smart speakers like nope. So when I moved into my own apartment like it was right when the microwave 
was coming out and I was like, I was like like just the connectivity that I needed in terms of peripherals seemed more.
\par 
\par My experience with the Lex's that it's understands. It's probably one of the better listening, you know devices. Yeah, you don't have to repeat yourself quite as often. Yeah. I feel like I have to yell at Google to get ya attention. I have a cat named her
 
name is like chicken noodle soup, and I recall her noodles. So when I say hi to her in the morning knowing stuff every time I Google shut off every time my partner actually is very like tinfoil hat with as he should be but so he like I have to I can only 
have it on his own home because he's a yeah, yeah - you know, they're collecting your data but convenience and exist. So your microwave interfaces with Alexa. Yeah. They Amazon actually just came out with an Amazon.
\par 
\par To microwave and so it has a button that
 you can hit this button and activate a like so or you can just speak to your you know, you have to have a separate Alexa it that listening the microphones are not built into the microwave but it interfaces with it. So you can tell it like defrost, you kn
o
w, 16 ounces of pork and then it'll say like setting the my grades like it has all these recipes in it. Oh, so it's funny though because also I was like heat up a cup of tea and it didn't get that and then I was like heat up a cup of water and then it so 
l
ike, you know, like everything else with this smart speakers like they're advertised like you can just talk to them but really it's scripted bro. One of the thing I'll tell you about this room and all of our conference rooms. Actually, you'll notice the m
i
crophones that are everywhere and that's basically for phone conferencing people in and then there's a box somewhere on the table like a box with a bunch of knobs that yeah. So that is our accessible AV interface. So from that box, you cannot visually lik
e adjust all the volumes which is
\par 
\par Laptop or Apple TV or different inputs and outputs that can actually dial someone in it talks. So this was something that we had custom builds were all our conference rooms both the hardware and the software because we lik
e that's one of the most annoying things you got to do presentations as a blind person in your lunch is my laptop connected like can you see my screen? Oh, yeah. So this kind of takes a lot out of that and also lets us we use zoom so we can do remote trai
n
ings or if one of us has to work from home like if these microphones are on and you're having a meeting, it's like you're right there in the room. So resume your guys is preferred in general or just because of the corporate. We just switched. We had a blu
e jeans contract in it. Got a lot worse while we were using it. So soon as it ended switch your resume because they have a lot of accessibility implementation then that's good. That's good. That's what we use to. Oh good that in Skype Skype. Yes.
\par 
\par Skype is 
kind of varies between versions. So I'll take you down to the area where we do the tech training and hopefully as you will join us because I feel like I've just hijacked her to or here. She was helping someone. So yeah, I know that's why I did it. I was l
ike
\par 
\par How long do you all have I want to make sure?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10903705\charrsid10903705 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid8015094 18}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\insrsid13388662 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13856556 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13856556 Can you describe your clients here? They mainly adults.
\par 
\par kind of program
\par 
\par In terms of job Readiness and if pre employment skills, and then we also have a camp up in Napa to serve more of the younger kids in 
the summer and can anybody in the community come in here do they need to be refer to your or anyone can come in here and a lot of people do self-refer either a family member found us on the internet. We get referrals from ophthalmologist. Social workers a
l
l different directions. And then we kind of have different funding streams different grants that we serve, you know people so they would come in to do an intake where we talk through what we offer because we offer a lot and what their needs are and then m
atch them to different programs. I take it your website has all the numbers like how many clients or average annual report at there that I'm not good at keeping it all in my head. I know that in my
\par 
\par Tech department we train about 300 people a year on either
 screen readers magnification or both mobile devices computers Braille displays Etc. So my my little departments, he's about 300 people a year, but I know that Lighthouse reaches more. Yeah, what was this room? This is demo room so you can see there's lik
e
 cctvs and different magnifiers and things around on the counters. There's little things like Kindles and iPads and stuff locked up in cabinets so they don't run away and then we'll take them out and do because a lot of times when people come in for Tech,
 
sometimes we train them on whatever device they have and have already purchased, you know with whatever device you can afford and you already have is the right device for you. Right? But sometimes people haven't already made up her dressing decision. So w
e need to help them navigate like okay, you know, you could get this budget Android phone from the
\par 
\par You know the lifeline program or something and but here's the accessibility issues you might run into with that or you know, you're low vision. So you want t
he biggest screen possible for the least amount of money or just like helping them navigate those decision making because you know, our blind consumers are consumers just like anybody else. They've seen the commercials you see the advertisements for produ
c
ts. But like what does it really do? So like Alexa and Google home are set up in yellow she is going to ask. How do you feel? Are you a smart speaker user yourself or? Oh totally. Yeah. I bought I bought the microwave as soon as it came out Alexa Alexa. O
kay for the moment. Yes. Hi. I use the Google home and for me with my cognitive disability. It's about like I have issues with time. So like setting timers like in 10 minutes remind me of this and name it this it's right. That's really cool.
\par 
\par Can you do wha
t can I set a reminder for you? Not from Madonna. But yeah, I don't have Mike's particular here. So yeah, I was curious and I know I know a lot of people who have met through my accessibility meetups. A lot of people it's in so on so everybody uses the ri
g
ht in Seattle. We always use the yeah sure. So I did a workshop for a bunch of our seniors where we compare the two. We mean I had them like testing out different functions tell us tell us which ones better and I'm like nah, the cute little figure out. Wh
at do you want to do with it coming here in like say so, how's Rai working with your clients sometimes so we do a lot of fuck corporate.
\par 
\par Consulting and design work and user testing and it's usually specific to a particular product most companies kind of ha
ve their own feedback channels and aren't necessarily coming and seeking out just general feedback. We would like them to success. Yeah. Yeah that like that would be great. But often like will hear from companies when they have a very specific deliverable
,
 you know, we're doing a study at for people who own their own small businesses and use screen readers and do function X. Can you find me 10 of those and I can and I do for a small fee but you like having just those General conversations probably the best
 example of that we did this event with Uber where they brought in like 20 Engineers. We brought in 20 users. And first, we just had like a discussion forum and they got all this feedback and then we did this I call it accessibility.
\par 
\par dating because we rotated the engineers and the different users around the room and just had them like observe people using the app, you know with Android with iOS with voice over with magnification and did this like, you know, two or three hour sort of

\par 
\par You know intense produc
t dive that wasn't like a structured user testing thing. So that was you know, every I think every company kind of has their angle of like how they want things to go. So I my job is like a constant game of improv of my yes, and I will do the same thing bu
t
 looks different than everyone else's version of the thing. Well sometimes companies forget the most important people in accessibility testing are people who use assistive technology and that's why we're really focused on Consulting at the design stage be
c
ause my team I have by people working for me and the bulk of what they do is train end users. So when they give feedback on a designer product, like they're not just thinking from their own perspective there, you know, the thinking is someone who spends t
heir days working with 20 year olds and 80 year olds and everybody in between. So I love that. I love having those meetings and then also the user testing where we are just facilitating that connection of product folks and
\par 
\par And end-users we don't really do 
we do some like functional reviews where we'll sit down with the developer and walk through it with the 80. I do a screen reader experience training for developers, which is like, okay if you're going to test with screen readers because I know you all do 
l
ike this is how you know, a blind person is actually using the screen reader and sort of how some of those features are leveraged. We don't do just the straight-up compliance testing because there's sulfur plenty of firms to do that. That's not really the
 unique thing that that we can offer. How much does something like that cost something like what your walkthrough with developers. It's a depends on the size of the group somewhere, you know somewhere in the
\par 
\par One to two thousand dollar range depending on if it's like half day hold a big group little bit of cetera.
\par 
\par And just to go back to this part speakers real quick like in your experience with those types of events where you have, you know, you're exposing that you do you notice a trend which one most people go for it seems like most people go for Alexa. I don't k
n
ow why I kind of keep saying her name I think for me it was because right when I moved into my place I lived in a house where my roommate actually forbid smart speakers like nope. So when I moved into my own apartment like it was right when the microwave 
was coming out and I was like, I was like like just the connectivity that I needed in terms of peripherals seemed more.
\par 
\par My experience with the Lex's that it's understands. It's probably one of the better listening, you know devices. Yeah, you don't have to
 repeat yourself quite as often. Yeah. I feel like I have to yell at Google to get ya attention. I have a cat named her name is like chicken noodle soup, and I recall her noodles. So when I say hi to her in the morning knowing stuff every time I Google sh
u
t off every time my partner actually is very like tinfoil hat with as he should be but so he like I have to I can only have it on his own home because he's a yeah, yeah - you know, they're collecting your data but convenience and exist. So your microwave 
interfaces with Alexa. Yeah. They Amazon actually just came out with an Amazon.
\par 
\par To microwave and so it has a button that you can hit this button and activate a like so or you can just speak to your you know, you have to have a separate Alexa it that listen
ing the microphones are not built into the microwave but it interfaces with it. So you can tell it like defrost, you know, 16 ounces of pork and then it'll say like setting the my grades like it has all these recipes in it. Oh, so it's funny though becaus
e
 also I was like heat up a cup of tea and it didn't get that and then I was like heat up a cup of water and then it so like, you know, like everything else with this smart speakers like they're advertised like you can just talk to them but really it's scr
i
pted bro. One of the thing I'll tell you about this room and all of our conference rooms. Actually, you'll notice the microphones that are everywhere and that's basically for phone conferencing people in and then there's a box somewhere on the table like 
a box with a bunch of knobs that yeah. So that is our accessible AV interface. So from that box, you cannot visually like adjust all the volumes which is
\par 
\par Laptop or Apple TV or different inputs and outputs that can actually dial someone in it talks. So this
 was something that we had custom builds were all our conference rooms both the hardware and the software because we like that's one of the most annoying things you got to do presentations as a blind person in your lunch is my laptop connected like can yo
u
 see my screen? Oh, yeah. So this kind of takes a lot out of that and also lets us we use zoom so we can do remote trainings or if one of us has to work from home like if these microphones are on and you're having a meeting, it's like you're right there i
n
 the room. So resume your guys is preferred in general or just because of the corporate. We just switched. We had a blue jeans contract in it. Got a lot worse while we were using it. So soon as it ended switch your resume because they have a lot of access
ibility implementation then that's good. That's good. That's what we use to. Oh good that in Skype Skype. Yes.
\par 
\par Skype is kind of varies between versions. So I'll take you down to the area where we do the tech training and hopefully as you will join us becau
se I feel like I've just hijacked her to or here. She was helping someone. So yeah, I know that's why I did it. I was like
\par 
\par How long do you all have I want to make sure?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8015094\charrsid8015094 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid8015094 19}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\insrsid13388662 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13856556 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13856556 Can you describe your clients here? They mainly adults.
\par 
\par kind of program
\par 
\par In terms of j
ob Readiness and if pre employment skills, and then we also have a camp up in Napa to serve more of the younger kids in the summer and can anybody in the community come in here do they need to be refer to your or anyone can come in here and a lot of peopl
e
 do self-refer either a family member found us on the internet. We get referrals from ophthalmologist. Social workers all different directions. And then we kind of have different funding streams different grants that we serve, you know people so they woul
d
 come in to do an intake where we talk through what we offer because we offer a lot and what their needs are and then match them to different programs. I take it your website has all the numbers like how many clients or average annual report at there that
 I'm not good at keeping it all in my head. I know that in my
\par 
\par Tech department we train about 300 people a year on either screen readers magnification or both mobile devices computers Braille displays Etc. So my my little departments, he's about 300 people 
a year, but I know that Lighthouse reaches more. Yeah, what was this room? This is demo room so you can see there's like cctvs and different magnifiers and things around on the counters. There's little things like Kindles and iPads and stuff locked up in 
c
abinets so they don't run away and then we'll take them out and do because a lot of times when people come in for Tech, sometimes we train them on whatever device they have and have already purchased, you know with whatever device you can afford and you a
lready have is the right device for you. Right? But sometimes people haven't already made up her dressing decision. So we need to help them navigate like okay, you know, you could get this budget Android phone from the
\par 
\par You know the lifeline program or some
thing and but here's the accessibility issues you might run into with that or you know, you're low vision. So you want the biggest screen possible for the least amount of money or just like helping them navigate those decision making because you know, our
 
blind consumers are consumers just like anybody else. They've seen the commercials you see the advertisements for products. But like what does it really do? So like Alexa and Google home are set up in yellow she is going to ask. How do you feel? Are you a
 
smart speaker user yourself or? Oh totally. Yeah. I bought I bought the microwave as soon as it came out Alexa Alexa. Okay for the moment. Yes. Hi. I use the Google home and for me with my cognitive disability. It's about like I have issues with time. So 
like setting timers like in 10 minutes remind me of this and name it this it's right. That's really cool.
\par 
\par Can you do what can I set a reminder for you? Not from Madonna. But yeah, I don't have Mike's particular here. So yeah, I was curious and I know I kno
w a lot of people who have met through my accessibility meetups. A lot of people it's in so on so everybody uses the right in Seattle. We always use the yeah sure. So I did a workshop for a bunch of our seniors where we compare the two. We mean I had them
 
like testing out different functions tell us tell us which ones better and I'm like nah, the cute little figure out. What do you want to do with it coming here in like say so, how's Rai working with your clients sometimes so we do a lot of fuck corporate.

\par 
\par Consulting and design work and user testing and it's usually specific to a particular product most companies kind of have their own feedback channels and aren't necessarily coming and seeking out just general feedback. We would like them to success. Yeah.
 Yeah that like that would be great. But often like will hear from companies when they have a very specific deliverable, you know, we're doing a study at for people who own their own small businesses and use screen readers and do function X. Can you find 
m
e 10 of those and I can and I do for a small fee but you like having just those General conversations probably the best example of that we did this event with Uber where they brought in like 20 Engineers. We brought in 20 users. And first, we just had lik
e a discussion forum and they got all this feedback and then we did this I call it accessibility.
\par 
\par dating because we rotated the engineers and the different users around the room and just had them like observe people using the app, you know with Android with iOS with voice over with magnification and did this like, you know, two or three hour sort of

\par 
\par You know intense product dive that wasn't like a structured user testing thing. So that was you know, every I think every company kind of has their angle of li
ke how they want things to go. So I my job is like a constant game of improv of my yes, and I will do the same thing but looks different than everyone else's version of the thing. Well sometimes companies forget the most important people in accessibility 
t
esting are people who use assistive technology and that's why we're really focused on Consulting at the design stage because my team I have by people working for me and the bulk of what they do is train end users. So when they give feedback on a designer 
p
roduct, like they're not just thinking from their own perspective there, you know, the thinking is someone who spends their days working with 20 year olds and 80 year olds and everybody in between. So I love that. I love having those meetings and then als
o the user testing where we are just facilitating that connection of product folks and
\par 
\par And end-users we don't really do we do some like functional reviews where we'll sit down with the developer and walk through it with the 80. I do a screen reader experience training for developers, which is like, okay if you're going to test with screen r
e
aders because I know you all do like this is how you know, a blind person is actually using the screen reader and sort of how some of those features are leveraged. We don't do just the straight-up compliance testing because there's sulfur plenty of firms 
to do that. That's not really the unique thing that that we can offer. How much does something like that cost something like what your walkthrough with developers. It's a depends on the size of the group somewhere, you know somewhere in the
\par 
\par One to two thousand dollar range depending on if it's like half day hold a big group little bit of cetera.
\par 
\par And just to go back to this part speakers real quick like in your experience with those types of events where you have, you know, you're exposing that you do you n
otice a trend which one most people go for it seems like most people go for Alexa. I don't know why I kind of keep saying her name I think for me it was because right when I moved into my place I lived in a house where my roommate actually forbid smart sp
eakers like nope. So when I moved into my own apartment like it was right when the microwave was coming out and I was like, I was like like just the connectivity that I needed in terms of peripherals seemed more.
\par 
\par My experience with the Lex's that it's unde
rstands. It's probably one of the better listening, you know devices. Yeah, you don't have to repeat yourself quite as often. Yeah. I feel like I have to yell at Google to get ya attention. I have a cat named her name is like chicken noodle soup, and I re
c
all her noodles. So when I say hi to her in the morning knowing stuff every time I Google shut off every time my partner actually is very like tinfoil hat with as he should be but so he like I have to I can only have it on his own home because he's a yeah
, yeah - you know, they're collecting your data but convenience and exist. So your microwave interfaces with Alexa. Yeah. They Amazon actually just came out with an Amazon.
\par 
\par To microwave and so it has a button that you can hit this button and activate a lik
e so or you can just speak to your you know, you have to have a separate Alexa it that listening the microphones are not built into the microwave but it interfaces with it. So you can tell it like defrost, you know, 16 ounces of pork and then it'll say li
k
e setting the my grades like it has all these recipes in it. Oh, so it's funny though because also I was like heat up a cup of tea and it didn't get that and then I was like heat up a cup of water and then it so like, you know, like everything else with t
h
is smart speakers like they're advertised like you can just talk to them but really it's scripted bro. One of the thing I'll tell you about this room and all of our conference rooms. Actually, you'll notice the microphones that are everywhere and that's b
asically for phone conferencing people in and then there's a box somewhere on the table like a box with a bunch of knobs that yeah. So that is our accessible AV interface. So from that box, you cannot visually like adjust all the volumes which is
\par 
\par Laptop or
 Apple TV or different inputs and outputs that can actually dial someone in it talks. So this was something that we had custom builds were all our conference rooms both the hardware and the software because we like that's one of the most annoying things y
o
u got to do presentations as a blind person in your lunch is my laptop connected like can you see my screen? Oh, yeah. So this kind of takes a lot out of that and also lets us we use zoom so we can do remote trainings or if one of us has to work from home
 
like if these microphones are on and you're having a meeting, it's like you're right there in the room. So resume your guys is preferred in general or just because of the corporate. We just switched. We had a blue jeans contract in it. Got a lot worse whi
le we were using it. So soon as it ended switch your resume because they have a lot of accessibility implementation then that's good. That's good. That's what we use to. Oh good that in Skype Skype. Yes.
\par 
\par Skype is kind of varies between versions. So I'll ta
ke you down to the area where we do the tech training and hopefully as you will join us because I feel like I've just hijacked her to or here. She was helping someone. So yeah, I know that's why I did it. I was like
\par 
\par How long do you all have I want to make sure?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8015094\charrsid8015094 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid8015094 20}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\insrsid13388662 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12324341 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12324341 Can you describe your clients here? They mainly adults.
\par 
\par kind of program
\par 
\par In terms of job Readiness and if pre employment skills, and then we also have a camp up in Napa to serve more of the younger kids in the summer and can anybody in the community
 come in here do they need to be refer to your or anyone can come in here and a lot of people do self-refer either a family member found us on the internet. We get referrals from ophthalmologist. Social workers all different directions. And then we kind o
f
 have different funding streams different grants that we serve, you know people so they would come in to do an intake where we talk through what we offer because we offer a lot and what their needs are and then match them to different programs. I take it 
your website has all the numbers like how many clients or average annual report at there that I'm not good at keeping it all in my head. I know that in my
\par 
\par Tech department we train about 300 people a year on either screen readers magnification or both mobil
e devices computers Braille displays Etc. So my my little departments, he's about 300 people a year, but I know that Lighthouse reaches more. Yeah, what was this room? This is demo room so you can see there's like cctvs and different magnifiers and things
 
around on the counters. There's little things like Kindles and iPads and stuff locked up in cabinets so they don't run away and then we'll take them out and do because a lot of times when people come in for Tech, sometimes we train them on whatever device
 
they have and have already purchased, you know with whatever device you can afford and you already have is the right device for you. Right? But sometimes people haven't already made up her dressing decision. So we need to help them navigate like okay, you
 know, you could get this budget Android phone from the
\par 
\par You know the lifeline program or something and but here's the accessibility issues you might run into with that or you know, you're low vision. So you want the biggest screen possible for the least am
ount of money or just like helping them navigate those decision making because you know, our blind consumers are consumers just like anybody else. They've seen the commercials you see the advertisements for products. But like what does it really do? So li
k
e Alexa and Google home are set up in yellow she is going to ask. How do you feel? Are you a smart speaker user yourself or? Oh totally. Yeah. I bought I bought the microwave as soon as it came out Alexa Alexa. Okay for the moment. Yes. Hi. I use the Goog
le home and for me with my cognitive disability. It's about like I have issues with time. So like setting timers like in 10 minutes remind me of this and name it this it's right. That's really cool.
\par 
\par Can you do what can I set a reminder for you? Not from Ma
donna. But yeah, I don't have Mike's particular here. So yeah, I was curious and I know I know a lot of people who have met through my accessibility meetups. A lot of people it's in so on so everybody uses the right in Seattle. We always use the yeah sure
.
 So I did a workshop for a bunch of our seniors where we compare the two. We mean I had them like testing out different functions tell us tell us which ones better and I'm like nah, the cute little figure out. What do you want to do with it coming here in
 like say so, how's Rai working with your clients sometimes so we do a lot of fuck corporate.
\par 
\par Consulting and design work and user testing and it's usually specific to a particular product most companies kind of have their own feedback channels and aren't n
ecessarily coming and seeking out just general feedback. We would like them to success. Yeah. Yeah that like that would be great. But often like will hear from companies when they have a very specific deliverable, you know, we're doing a study at for peop
l
e who own their own small businesses and use screen readers and do function X. Can you find me 10 of those and I can and I do for a small fee but you like having just those General conversations probably the best example of that we did this event with Ube
r where they brought in like 20 Engineers. We brought in 20 users. And first, we just had like a discussion forum and they got all this feedback and then we did this I call it accessibility.
\par 
\par dating because we rotated the engineers and the different users around the room and just had them like observe people using the app, you know with Android with iOS with voice over with magnification and did this like, you know, two or three hour sort of

\par 
\par You know intense product dive that wasn't like a structured user testing thing. So that was you know, every I think every company kind of has their angle of like how they want things to go. So I my job is like a constant game of improv of my yes, and I wi
l
l do the same thing but looks different than everyone else's version of the thing. Well sometimes companies forget the most important people in accessibility testing are people who use assistive technology and that's why we're really focused on Consulting
 
at the design stage because my team I have by people working for me and the bulk of what they do is train end users. So when they give feedback on a designer product, like they're not just thinking from their own perspective there, you know, the thinking 
is someone who spends their days working with 20 year olds and 80 year olds and everybody in between. So I love that. I love having those meetings and then also the user testing where we are just facilitating that connection of product folks and
\par 
\par And end-us
ers we don't really do we do some like functional reviews where we'll sit down with the developer and walk through it with the 80. I do a screen reader experience training for developers, which is like, okay if you're going to test with screen readers bec
a
use I know you all do like this is how you know, a blind person is actually using the screen reader and sort of how some of those features are leveraged. We don't do just the straight-up compliance testing because there's sulfur plenty of firms to do that
. That's not really the unique thing that that we can offer. How much does something like that cost something like what your walkthrough with developers. It's a depends on the size of the group somewhere, you know somewhere in the
\par 
\par One to two thousand dollar range depending on if it's like half day hold a big group little bit of cetera.
\par 
\par And just to go back to this part speakers real quick like in your experience with those types of events where you have, you know, you're exposing that you do you notice a tr
end which one most people go for it seems like most people go for Alexa. I don't know why I kind of keep saying her name I think for me it was because right when I moved into my place I lived in a house where my roommate actually forbid smart speakers lik
e nope. So when I moved into my own apartment like it was right when the microwave was coming out and I was like, I was like like just the connectivity that I needed in terms of peripherals seemed more.
\par 
\par My experience with the Lex's that it's understands. I
t's probably one of the better listening, you know devices. Yeah, you don't have to repeat yourself quite as often. Yeah. I feel like I have to yell at Google to get ya attention. I have a cat named her name is like chicken noodle soup, and I recall her n
o
odles. So when I say hi to her in the morning knowing stuff every time I Google shut off every time my partner actually is very like tinfoil hat with as he should be but so he like I have to I can only have it on his own home because he's a yeah, yeah - y
ou know, they're collecting your data but convenience and exist. So your microwave interfaces with Alexa. Yeah. They Amazon actually just came out with an Amazon.
\par 
\par To microwave and so it has a button that you can hit this button and activate a like so or yo
u can just speak to your you know, you have to have a separate Alexa it that listening the microphones are not built into the microwave but it interfaces with it. So you can tell it like defrost, you know, 16 ounces of pork and then it'll say like setting
 
the my grades like it has all these recipes in it. Oh, so it's funny though because also I was like heat up a cup of tea and it didn't get that and then I was like heat up a cup of water and then it so like, you know, like everything else with this smart 
s
peakers like they're advertised like you can just talk to them but really it's scripted bro. One of the thing I'll tell you about this room and all of our conference rooms. Actually, you'll notice the microphones that are everywhere and that's basically f
or phone conferencing people in and then there's a box somewhere on the table like a box with a bunch of knobs that yeah. So that is our accessible AV interface. So from that box, you cannot visually like adjust all the volumes which is
\par 
\par Laptop or Apple TV 
or different inputs and outputs that can actually dial someone in it talks. So this was something that we had custom builds were all our conference rooms both the hardware and the software because we like that's one of the most annoying things you got to 
d
o presentations as a blind person in your lunch is my laptop connected like can you see my screen? Oh, yeah. So this kind of takes a lot out of that and also lets us we use zoom so we can do remote trainings or if one of us has to work from home like if t
h
ese microphones are on and you're having a meeting, it's like you're right there in the room. So resume your guys is preferred in general or just because of the corporate. We just switched. We had a blue jeans contract in it. Got a lot worse while we were
 using it. So soon as it ended switch your resume because they have a lot of accessibility implementation then that's good. That's good. That's what we use to. Oh good that in Skype Skype. Yes.
\par 
\par Skype is kind of varies between versions. So I'll take you dow
n to the area where we do the tech training and hopefully as you will join us because I feel like I've just hijacked her to or here. She was helping someone. So yeah, I know that's why I did it. I was like
\par 
\par How long do you all have I want to make sure?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8015094\charrsid8015094 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3737772 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid13388662\charrsid8015094 21}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\insrsid13388662 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8605747 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8605747 Can you describe your clients here? They mainly adults.
\par 
\par kind of program
\par 
\par In terms of job Readiness and if pre employment skills, and then we also have a camp up in Napa to serve more of the younger kids in the summer and can anybody in the community come in h
ere do they need to be refer to your or anyone can come in here and a lot of people do self-refer either a family member found us on the internet. We get referrals from ophthalmologist. Social workers all different directions. And then we kind of have dif
f
erent funding streams different grants that we serve, you know people so they would come in to do an intake where we talk through what we offer because we offer a lot and what their needs are and then match them to different programs. I take it your websi
te has all the numbers like how many clients or average annual report at there that I'm not good at keeping it all in my head. I know that in my
\par 
\par Tech department we train about 300 people a year on either screen readers magnification or both mobile devices 
computers Braille displays Etc. So my my little departments, he's about 300 people a year, but I know that Lighthouse reaches more. Yeah, what was this room? This is demo room so you can see there's like cctvs and different magnifiers and things around on
 
the counters. There's little things like Kindles and iPads and stuff locked up in cabinets so they don't run away and then we'll take them out and do because a lot of times when people come in for Tech, sometimes we train them on whatever device they have
 
and have already purchased, you know with whatever device you can afford and you already have is the right device for you. Right? But sometimes people haven't already made up her dressing decision. So we need to help them navigate like okay, you know, you
 could get this budget Android phone from the
\par 
\par You know the lifeline program or something and but here's the accessibility issues you might run into with that or you know, you're low vision. So you want the biggest screen possible for the least amount of mo
ney or just like helping them navigate those decision making because you know, our blind consumers are consumers just like anybody else. They've seen the commercials you see the advertisements for products. But like what does it really do? So like Alexa a
n
d Google home are set up in yellow she is going to ask. How do you feel? Are you a smart speaker user yourself or? Oh totally. Yeah. I bought I bought the microwave as soon as it came out Alexa Alexa. Okay for the moment. Yes. Hi. I use the Google home an
d for me with my cognitive disability. It's about like I have issues with time. So like setting timers like in 10 minutes remind me of this and name it this it's right. That's really cool.
\par 
\par Can you do what can I set a reminder for you? Not from Madonna. But
 yeah, I don't have Mike's particular here. So yeah, I was curious and I know I know a lot of people who have met through my accessibility meetups. A lot of people it's in so on so everybody uses the right in Seattle. We always use the yeah sure. So I did
 
a workshop for a bunch of our seniors where we compare the two. We mean I had them like testing out different functions tell us tell us which ones better and I'm like nah, the cute little figure out. What do you want to do with it coming here in like say 
so, how's Rai working with your clients sometimes so we do a lot of fuck corporate.
\par 
\par Consulting and design work and user testing and it's usually specific to a particular product most companies kind of have their own feedback channels and aren't necessarily coming and seeking out just general feedback. We would like them to success. Yeah.
 
Yeah that like that would be great. But often like will hear from companies when they have a very specific deliverable, you know, we're doing a study at for people who own their own small businesses and use screen readers and do function X. Can you find m
e
 10 of those and I can and I do for a small fee but you like having just those General conversations probably the best example of that we did this event with Uber where they brought in like 20 Engineers. We brought in 20 users. And first, we just had like
 a discussion forum and they got all this feedback and then we did this I call it accessibility.
\par 
\par dating because we rotated the engineers and the different users around the room and just had them like observe people using the app, you know with Android with iOS with voice over with magnification and did this like, you know, two or three hour sort of

\par 
\par You know intense product dive that wasn't like a structured user testing thing. So that was you know, every I think every company kind of has their angle of lik
e how they want things to go. So I my job is like a constant game of improv of my yes, and I will do the same thing but looks different than everyone else's version of the thing. Well sometimes companies forget the most important people in accessibility t
e
sting are people who use assistive technology and that's why we're really focused on Consulting at the design stage because my team I have by people working for me and the bulk of what they do is train end users. So when they give feedback on a designer p
r
oduct, like they're not just thinking from their own perspective there, you know, the thinking is someone who spends their days working with 20 year olds and 80 year olds and everybody in between. So I love that. I love having those meetings and then also
 the user testing where we are just facilitating that connection of product folks and
\par 
\par And end-users we don't really do we do some like functional reviews where we'll sit down with the developer and walk through it with the 80. I do a screen reader experien
ce training for developers, which is like, okay if you're going to test with screen readers because I know you all do like this is how you know, a blind person is actually using the screen reader and sort of how some of those features are leveraged. We do
n
't do just the straight-up compliance testing because there's sulfur plenty of firms to do that. That's not really the unique thing that that we can offer. How much does something like that cost something like what your walkthrough with developers. It's a
 depends on the size of the group somewhere, you know somewhere in the
\par 
\par One to two thousand dollar range depending on if it's like half day hold a big group little bit of cetera.
\par 
\par And just to go back to this part speakers real quick like in your experience 
with those types of events where you have, you know, you're exposing that you do you notice a trend which one most people go for it seems like most people go for Alexa. I don't know why I kind of keep saying her name I think for me it was because right wh
e
n I moved into my place I lived in a house where my roommate actually forbid smart speakers like nope. So when I moved into my own apartment like it was right when the microwave was coming out and I was like, I was like like just the connectivity that I n
eeded in terms of peripherals seemed more.
\par 
\par My experience with the Lex's that it's understands. It's probably one of the better listening, you know devices. Yeah, you don't have to repeat yourself quite as often. Yeah. I feel like I have to yell at Google t
o get ya attention. I have a cat named her name is like chicken noodle soup, and I recall her noodles. So when I say hi to her in the morning knowing stuff every time I Google shut off every time my partner actually is very like tinfoil hat with as he sho
u
ld be but so he like I have to I can only have it on his own home because he's a yeah, yeah - you know, they're collecting your data but convenience and exist. So your microwave interfaces with Alexa. Yeah. They Amazon actually just came out with an Amazo
n.
\par 
\par To microwave and so it has a button that you can hit this button and activate a like so or you can just speak to your you know, you have to have a separate Alexa it that listening the microphones are not built into the microwave but it interfaces with i
t. So you can tell it like defrost, you know, 16 ounces of pork and then it'll say like setting the my grades like it has all these recipes in it. Oh, so it's funny though because also I was like heat up a cup of tea and it didn't get that and then I was 
l
ike heat up a cup of water and then it so like, you know, like everything else with this smart speakers like they're advertised like you can just talk to them but really it's scripted bro. One of the thing I'll tell you about this room and all of our conf
e
rence rooms. Actually, you'll notice the microphones that are everywhere and that's basically for phone conferencing people in and then there's a box somewhere on the table like a box with a bunch of knobs that yeah. So that is our accessible AV interface
. So from that box, you cannot visually like adjust all the volumes which is
\par 
\par Laptop or Apple TV or different inputs and outputs that can actually dial someone in it talks. So this was something that we had custom builds were all our conference rooms both t
he hardware and the software because we like that's one of the most annoying things you got to do presentations as a blind person in your lunch is my laptop connected like can you see my screen? Oh, yeah. So this kind of takes a lot out of that and also l
e
ts us we use zoom so we can do remote trainings or if one of us has to work from home like if these microphones are on and you're having a meeting, it's like you're right there in the room. So resume your guys is preferred in general or just because of th
e
 corporate. We just switched. We had a blue jeans contract in it. Got a lot worse while we were using it. So soon as it ended switch your resume because they have a lot of accessibility implementation then that's good. That's good. That's what we use to. 
Oh good that in Skype Skype. Yes.
\par 
\par Skype is kind of varies between versions. So I'll take you down to the area where we do the tech training and hopefully as you will join us because I feel like I've just hijacked her to or here. She was helping someone. So
 yeah, I know that's why I did it. I was like
\par 
\par How long do you all have I want to make sure?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8015094\charrsid8015094 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax375\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000001009
4d304b9dd401feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}